Add more FAQs (#44)
SJTU-IPADS/PowerInfer: README.md

## FAQs
1. What if I encountered `CUDA_ERROR_OUT_OF_MEMORY`?
   - You can try to run with `--reset-gpu-index` argument to rebuild the GPU index for this model to avoid any stale cache.
   - Due to our current implementation, model offloading might not be as accurate as expected. You can try with `--vram-budget` with a slightly lower value or `--disable-gpu-index` to disable FFN offloading.

2. Does PowerInfer support mistral, original llama, Qwen, ...?
   - Now we only support models with ReLU/ReGLU/Squared ReLU activation function. So we do not support these models now. It's worth mentioning that a [paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2310.04564.pdf) has demonstrated that using the ReLU/ReGLU activation function has a negligible impact on convergence and performance.

3. Why is there a noticeable downgrade in the performance metrics of our current ReLU model, particularly the 70B model?

>    - Due to the typical requirement of around 2T tokens for LLM training, our model's fine-tuning was conducted with only 5B tokens. This insufficient retraining has resulted in the model's inability to regain its original performance. We are actively working on updating to a more capable model, so please stay tuned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - In contrast to the typical requirement of around 2T tokens for LLM training, our model's fine-tuning was conducted with only 5B tokens. This insufficient retraining has resulted in the model's inability to regain its original performance. We are actively working on updating to a more capable model, so please stay tuned.
```

4. What if...

>    - Issues are welcomed! Please feel free to open an issu,e and attach your running environment and running parameters. We will try our best to help you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Issues are welcomed! Please feel free to open an issue and attach your running environment and running parameters. We will try our best to help you.
```
